ENH: Adds support for Two Bladed SXR Attenuators and AT1K2 class (#1086)
pcdshub/pcdsdevices: docs/source/upcoming_release_notes/1086-Adding_classes_for_AT1K2.rst

1086 Adding classes for AT1K2
#################

API Changes
-----------
- N/A

Features
--------
- N/A

Device Updates
--------------

> - Attenuator module now has classes for two blade attenuators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds a preliminary attenuator class AT1K2 and base classes for similar
   two-blade ladder attenuators designed by JJ X-ray.
```

I say "preliminary" because the motion axes don't exist yet as far as EPICS is concerned (i.e., there's no IOC)
